okay now we're good so I got so the guy
from The Forum responded to me and I'm
probably doing this really
poorly but this is the
code
um okay and we pars the Json and
everything and we get this which is
really
sick and it's one part
and it's one
curve is it closed though I feel like it
shouldn't be
closed maybe it
is well in any case um now we just need
to refactor this really
quickly for
believe we just cut this up put it in
here and then we just need to take this
and replace this with
CPL okay now we format it and we save it
and then we do
this let see what
happened oh we need a new ID how do we
generate a new ID oh uh bar
I = zero
how do I String uh feature script string
interpolation how do you do
it wait is this this is pure
script oh this is used for shrinking cat
Okay so let's just do
see if that works and
then oh and then we need to we need to
change all of these so this is going to
be oh wait do we need to
no yeah we're
good and then this also like that
okay uh and then all we have to do in
this for loop at the bottom of it just
do I = I +
1 okay that should be good now second
argument must be
ID value is ID string I
don't is it an order of operations thing
let's see if um where is this error
curve
42 so this is the first one so if we
just do this and we save
it okay so I'm pretty sure that we just
need to do
this H that's so annoying
uh I feel like that's fine wait what's
up with this oh this is this is the bad
sweep profile we need to fix that but
then
this all of these ID pluses I'm fixing I
guess I don't really understand but I'm
guessing that it's doing the plus first
an ID is of type ID I think so
we'll
see sweep bad lock Direction
what if we okay wait what if we
do what if we change this to all
P does
this see okay so it works with
one see if it works with
this so then I don't know which one it's
failing on so can we just do a print
line
I wait can we do this build up
here and then we want to change this
back
to
CP it gets to one
and then on two so let's do
this all
P2 interesting okay
so I don't think I'm going to find
anything
yeah um
well okay wait let's remove these prints
that we don't need we don't need
this
and we don't need
this but I do want to print
out this so let's see what does the path
look like
bad sweep bad lock
Direction can we just try to make the
polyline is there a break
statement oh there is a break
okay so
um we want to we want to get rid of the
sweep and
this and then we just want to see if it
makes a path at all
what if I just try to manually do the
sweep
here faces sweet path
result of
Sweep result of
sweep inter section but I feel like what
does this say lock Direction causes
invalid geometry what is lock Direction
what does that mean does it have to be a
closed path I don't think so cuz the cuz
number one is not a closed
path near the form again
wait let's try to read The Source Maybe
lock Direction the profile is
perpendicular I feel like that's what we
want we want lock
Direction wait but this fails even with
select direct
wait wait lock profile
Direction I thought that was that it
means perpendicular to the
path
um for
wait did we go here
yet wait what if we try making the what
if we try fixing the profile to be
[Music]
um the first corner is going to be
-2
0 this is going to
be
minus uh minus
point2 see if this uh still
fails delete
this for
okay so wait but let's
um copy these comment these out paste
it and let's go back to to the 0 0 1 1 I
think it gave me a different error
right sweep bad lock Direction but then
if I change it to
okay so that's useful to
know okay so let's keep it as
is
for
for for
first off I'm so happy with how fast it
is it seems well actually that was only
one profile so maybe it's not so wait
let's do
[Music]
ah I hate these
things this is so annoying
dude but now I'm in in this
thing these editors
stink there we
[Music]
go we can delete all of this
we don't need this
either
what
for for
okay so we resolved that so that's
that's that now we just get back to
normal
onshape designing
okay so the problem is we're going to
need to roll this
back I got a call soon I think I'm going
to I think I'm going to make food right
now
so yeah the problem is well we probably
can Helix this I don't
know what I want is a partial Helix
though I don't know why you can't do a
partial
Helix in condition end
point should we co
uh endpoint and axis should be wait
endpoint and axis
end okay okay wait can we
um let's just make a uh a
sketch on here we're just going to do uh
oh yeah shift
s we want we want to use this I
guess and then we want to put a point
right there so we're good on that now we
want to go back to our helix
I'm going to select
this and we
want end
point
that oh
see that changes the pitch though
but oh wait turns and
Pitch second Pitch I think we said 10
right target revolutions one oh there
you go and now we just need to move this
profile down
oh can we flip the opposite oh hell yeah
wait do we have to change the clockwise
though no I don't think we
do I think that's it I think we did
it you think that's going to be enough
that's probably enough
room oh that's actually perfect they end
right at the same
spot so now what we want to do is we
want to draw a sketch on this
profile and we want to
draw so we're going to take this this
and this and we're going to use
them so we're going to draw a line from
here and it's going to go slightly down
okay oh we're going to want to use this
too
do you want it to go all the way out to
there I don't know that was a totally
arbitrary point that we
picked um I don't know how far this
thing needs to go
out but let's just do this I'm glad that
I figured out this partial Helix thing
though I just do
this say that this point this point are
like
that this thing is yeah okay let's just
say six
and what is this this is
10 and what's still left to
do
oh get
wait we need we're going to need to fix
that but
25 okay so now we're going to take this
and we we're going to do our
sweep along
this we need to do an
ad n see why is that faing cannot create
valid
oh wait what
I'm going to try something kind of hacky
we're going to do this we're going to go
back to the Helix and we're going to say
that instead of Target we're going to do
0.99 Target
revolutions so now these are not exactly
coat whatever now what's wrong with this
sketch is that oh but it starts it okay
so wait can we just we just delete
this and we'll just wait can't we still
use this point
though wait wait what is what is that
what the hell where did this come from
I don't understand let's
see
um okay let's just delete
this okay now they are
coincident so what's still left
okay is the distance wait if I do this
is it going to
fail what why is it measuring an
angle the distance from here to
here that's so
weird but if we just redo it
all right whatever oh why did I do
that dude wait oh wait wait wait wait
can I get the restore back oh damn it
why did I do that all right whatever
let's just keep it like
this under constraint better than over
constrained non- manifold
body wait why is it even up there
how do we do it last time I don't even
remember if you do a
new can
you combine these
okay yeah so it so okay so the sweep
performs the
Boolean on the
ad non- manifold
body baby are you non manifold okay wait
first off that's not going to work but
also this is supposed to be way down
there how did we do it last time
where was
it helical
Hopper okay how did we do this that's
the question
but it didn't move it
up I don't know how
you lock it in place like
that
okay for
I
for
[Music]
e
for
for for
that
okay so yeah so why is this different
wa not this sketch this
sketch what do we projected this
one and then we I guess we projected
this one no we didn't
but we have that point I
guess H this bothers me so much okay so
can we just try again maybe
see
what what is different though that's
what I don't understand oh you know what
no
what wait let's delete this can we just
take this prob and delete it h okay
[Music]
okay all we have to do is make this uh
30 or
something now we want to do the sweep
again oh but you know what they don't
intersect actually oh that's a little
okay can we just sweep it
along well it's the same
thing I don't
understand bro what the heck what am I
doing
differently and this seems like the same
exact
thing
um I mean one thing is that it's not
from the top can we try
maybe adjusting the
Helix so that instead of this which I
whatever we can figure that out so let's
just make
it pitch
and we don't select it we don't need an
end point so it's just
this
okay and now we do our
sweep
here no so that still
fails but wait can we just adjust this
dude I love their constraints it's so
easy to edit
constraints what let's just we should be
able to move this up
right wait can we just delete it
wait no dude what the
hell oh
wait
oh that's great wait did we just forget
to do the merge
[Music]
scope okay so if I go back here and I
change it to be pitch turns and Pitch
it's going to be one
uh turns and Pitch we need to
say wait how did we do
this oh that that okay that is
right okay but see now this
[Music]
fails what is the actual definition of
non- manifold body
this gives you an error because the
result is non- manifold geometry
wait is that is that true if I do a new
it's all
good so maybe it's just not touching
this thing in this one can we look at
the sketch
here that's the wrong sketch this sketch
[Music]
I think it's
because it touches that
point whereas
here no doesn't it touch that point
anyways so I don't understand
is this not
collinear how do I get the
point I don't think this is going to
change anything at all
why does it keep doing this
there's just no way that this is what it
is wait why is there two of these
oh does that not work wait can't I get a
vertical wait hold on
wait did we do
it we did it from the top now we just
need to fix this
wait God I don't think that there's a
good way to do this without going
back see how far do we have to go back
yeah I wanted
to H am I so bad at this
okay so the annoying thing is wait hold
on we edit the sketch so now we just
want to move it down so everything is
working which I'm happy about but now I
just want to move it
down so we want to delete this now we
should be able to move this down
right what is that I I can't even
tell oh wait but this is on something
okay so if we move this down
here what
happens oh
sweet okay wait so we're almost there we
almost did it now all we need to
do make uh change this or just delete
delet it
actually just delete
this I think that okay if I do an
incidence there it still works okay wait
we're so
close this is going to be
sick um we just need to change
this so that this and this are
coincident and then this is we'll make
it
30 but then actually what we want to do
is we want to taper this
so we made this a rectangle but we
actually want to there's a parallel con
let's delete the parallel constraint so
now I should be able to move this right
oh there's a
okay
hello okay
nice so these two are vertical but this
is all right we'll make it
seven dang it oh wait no wait we're
good damn
it we were so
close is this actually coincident with
with this can't
tell we don't actually have this point
it's not it's just close to
it oh that's where that's coming from
yeah if you project that then you get
that okay I get
it so if we do
this it still
works now all we have to do is this to
here
incident and it stops working
why does it stop
working so we need to un we need to just
undo
undo but okay wait can I look at
actually how did we but this sketch goes
all the way down and it goes under too
[Music]
sh
maybe it's cuz it doesn't go all the
way I
mean that is
true okay so this works what I want to
do is I want to change this to be
.9 okay now they're
separated okay I don't know why it keeps
messing with me
oh oh that's so
goofy for
now it's just like now it's just like
why is
it you know what it's doing though oh
you know what it's doing though it's
like it's sweeping along it's it sweeps
along the the intersection right so like
if you look at this sketch since the uh
the Helix starts here and it's is right
there it's sweeping this along that but
we want to sweep it along this so I
wonder if we can
flip
it no we definitely don't want that kind
of
flip but we want to like rotate this
thing cuz
Okay um we don't need this we do need
what does this
mean oh yeah there you go but the thing
is that's kind of like a hacky way of
doing
it wait so why don't we just fix it I
mean it's okay I I get it so I think
we're good I think we can use one but
let's just not for right now so here all
we need to do is we just need to drop
this way down to here and drop this way
down to here and then I think we could
even do
oh all right that's
fine there we go and now we just have to
cut off the bottom but that's pretty
much
it nice that's very good I'm happy with
that
that was a doozy of a feature
honestly let's see if if I change it to
one does it
fail please
don't God damn
it braa sweep intersects itself why does
that even matter
I don't understand why it matters
whether or not it intersects
itself also maybe there's a way what if
we take this sketch and we make
this uh
9.9 right so by
by making the sweep so wait if we change
this oh not that if we change this
Dimension to 10.1 it will
fail
because it intersects itself all right
so we're we're starting to understand
what's going
on this is probably the best we're going
to get
2.8 I think that's enough
right I'm pretty sure that'll be enough
okay I got to get ready for this thing
so what am I going to do I'm going to
delete this I don't want to delete it
though if I switch to
this and
I e
okay so I think I'm just going to end
the
stream but it's the big deal